Important Tips for writing stories
Most trending genres on Pocket FM are – Romance, Crime, Suspense, Thriller, Motivational & Horror. However you are free to select a genre of your choice apart from these as long as it attracts the audience.
The submitted story should be free of spelling and grammatical mistakes
The story can be written in Hindi (हिंदी), English, Tamil (தமிழ்), Telugu (తెలుగు) , Bengali(বাংলা), Malayalam (മലയാളം), Marathi (मराठी) and Kannada (ಕನ್ನಡ).
Use proper original scripting language to write your story. Do not write in Roman.
Example: The Don’ts

Rahul Rina Ke Pass Gaya - Roman

Example: The Do’s

राहुल रीना के पास गया - हिंदी

Stories should be written just like a novel and not in a screenplay or dialogues format. Keep in mind that if selected for Audiobook, your story will be narrated in a single voice and the audience should easily understand it.
Example: The Don’ts

Rahul: Did you say something to me?

Rashi: Yes, I like you Rahul.

Example: The Do’s

Rahul looked into Rashi’s eyes and asked, “Did you say something to me, Rashi?” Rashi was embarrassed. She took a moment and replied, “ I really like you Rahul!”

While planning and creating a plot for the story, remember you are writing for a long serialized fiction format. The plot should have the potential to go on for hundreds of episodes.
Do not forget to focus on characterization as characters of your story need to keep the audience engaged for a long time. Give enough layers and traits to your characters so that they can lead the plot in an interesting manner. Have a plan to keep introducing new characters to keep a constant engagement.
Every episode must have a high point and a strong “hook” in the end to keep the audience curious for the next episode.
The first 3 episodes of the story are extremely critical. They need to be engaging and have a mass appeal. The readers decide whether to go ahead with the story or not in the first 30 sec - 5 min
Creating a ‘small conflict’ for every episode will keep the audience thrilled and they will get a sense of “something happening” in each episode. In the same way, you can plan a big conflict for every 10 episodes.
Stories should be written in ‘Modern Language’. It should be your day to day speaking language. Kindly refrain from using literary language.
Plan each episode well with a proper episode title. Keep the length of all episodes constant for an uniform experience to the readers

हर एपिसोड 3000 शब्दों से ज्यादा का होना चाहिए।
एपिसोड के start में पुराने में क्या हुआ था होना चइए और एपिसोड के अंत में नए एपिसोड में क्या होगा वो होना चइए ताकि listener का मन लगा रहे  